---
layout: post
title: Week 1
---


# What do YOU think about when you hear the term "open source"?
When I think of "open source," I think about the freedom to collaborate with anyone, anywhere. A couple of months back, I read an article on Ars Technica about [submitting a pull request for Washington, D.C.'s *legal* code](https://arstechnica.com/tech-policy/2018/11/how-i-changed-the-law-with-a-github-pull-request/). One of my first loves in the academic world was studying law- I'm not nearly smart enough to practice law, but my shallow, idealist vision of the law is as a collaborative, evolving code of conduct. As the article notes, it's kind of elegant to keep track of laws in the same way we keep track of open source software because ideally, the benefits of open source also apply well to the law.

# Four Open Source Projects that I Love
1. Mozilla Firefox
    - This has been my main browser, probably since I started using a computer in middle school (which was... like 10 years ago now?). Since the big Quantum overhaul they did, it's been running really smoothly too, although I'm not really a power user. I guess I use Google Chrome sometimes for school stuff because the weird settings I have in Firefox break a lot of web stuff that Chrome really wants me to see, but otherwise Firefox is my daily driver, both on mobile and on desktop. Opera and Vivaldi(?) were too clunky for me.

2. GalliumOS
   - Yes, I use a hacked Chromebook that I have installed a Linux distribution on pretty much just for bragging rights. There was a bit of a learning curve in learning how to actually use the darn thing, but besides the minimal storage I have (*32 gigabytes*) I have very few complaints about what it lets me do.
3. Wikipedia
   - What can I say about Wikipedia? It's probably the first stop in any student's paper on esoteric knowledge. It definitely *shouldn't* work, but it __does__ (most of the time anyway, sometimes it suffers from brigading, but that happens with *most* internet services).
4. Sumatra PDF
   - I think I got frustrated with how badly Adobe Acrobat ran on the old Sony VAIO laptop I used in High School, so I did some cursory googling and found out about this pretty lightweight PDF reader. It treats me well, and doesn't mess up printing documents like opening PDF files in browsers do.