---
layout: post
title: Week 11
---

## Meetups
- I attended two Open Source meetups over the past week. One was a total bust, so it doesn't really count in my mind, and the other was mildly more successful.

## New York Linux User's Group
- This one I attended with [Tiara](https://github.com/TiaraIsTan) and [Jim](https://github.com/tojimjiang). We instantly saw some red flags when we arrived exactly at the meeting time and there was only 2 (two) other people attending the meeting, neither of which were one of the hosts of the meetup. The older man who was the de facto leader of the so-called hack session said some stuff that made the atmosphere there horribly awkward, so after about 30 minutes Tiara, Jim, and I all left.

## Metis + NYC Python
- This one was more fun. This was a hackathon hosted the New York Python Meetup Group at some data science related company called Metis. [Link to meetup](https://www.meetup.com/nycpython/events/258102775/)
- I attended this meetup with Tiara.
- According to my notes, the first talk we listened to was from a guy named Seth Kaufman, who coincidentally was representing some organization from NYU
  - Specifically, he was managing a program that was using graduate and undergrad students from CAS to collect data about the history of NYC
  - He discussed graph databases as a way to store all of the disparate ways that students would store stuff.
  - He was also very worried about going over time for whatever reason so he didn't give many details.

- Another speaker was Thomas J. Fan, who is apparently one of the core developers on Scikit-Learn. He talked about column transformers and training ...stuff. I feel like I should have taken Natural Language Processing if I wanted to really understand this talk, to be completely frank.
- The last speaker that we enjoyed before we had to go was Veronica Hanus
  - This one was cute because it wasn't strictly about python, it was about the usefulness of comments and how to make useful comments.
  - Looking at her twitter thread, she seems to be going to a ton of these types of events and giving microtalks in order to find a job. I respect the hustle.

