---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---


## Candela
This extension was thought up by the three of us, Jim Jiang (tojimjiang) and Jonathan Wang (jwanggggg), as a sort of a clone of f.lux and other products that are meant to protect your eyes from destructive blue light. *I* wanted to make the extension do exactly the opposite, and make your screen a searing blue that destroys your eyes and keeps you up at night, but unfortunately that would have been a nightmare to test. Jim is responsible for writing the majority of the code that actually does the filtering in the extension, because he read somewhere that it was relatively trivial to use SVG filters to change colors in CSS.

The contribution I made was:
- I read up on the formate of a manifest.json and made a bit of a template one for our extension.
- I asked Jonathan to create icons for our extension's icon and the image for the button that appears next to the url bar in the browser
- I incorporated those into the manifest.json. They look like they're alright!
- I have been attempting to implement the extension according to our user story: 
  - "When I click the Candela icon, the screen turns orange"

Unfortunately, as of this exact moment (8:30 pm on Sunday night, February 10, 2019), despite our best efforts, I couldn't figure out how to implement the extension. Issues that I ran into were:
- Not knowing what type of script loading I should use in manifest.json. There are multiple ways that didn't work for me:

```json
{
    "background":{
        "scripts" : ["orange.js"]
    },

    "content-scripts" : [
        {
            "matches" : ["<all_urls>"],
            "js": ["orange.js"]
        }
    ],
    
    "browser_action" : {
        "default_popup" : "etc"
    }
}
```
All made me run into dead ends basically. I still have a ton to learn!

## Learning about Github
One thing that I learned this week was the actual mechanics of the pull request system and the issue tracking system of making contributions on github. It seems a bit complicated to remember, so it definitely seems that I'll be referring back to the [github workflow activity](https://github.com/joannakl/ossd_materials/tree/master/activities/github-workflow-activity) quite a lot. It was still pretty exciting submitting my first pull request to our team's repository for Candela!